Q1: Why might we consider using Git?
Answer: Git is a version control system for our source means it keeps track of all changes that we as developers made to it. By keeping this history , Git insures that we can undo any of our actions that lead to unwanted results. Additionally, Git helps team projects and sources to don’t override. For instance if more than one person is working on a file each of their changes may cause issues for the code . By having Git we are able to merge all team mates work in one file without encountering override in file.also since Git holds all the history and data of files in the cloud if you ever lost your access to your local machine you can always get your files back from the cloud. 

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.
Answer: Data Science is an interdisciplinary field means it can be used on all careers and industries. The main goal in data science is to collecting data analyze and make conclusions based on it. For instance, in field of Finance and banking data science could help experts in the filed to analyze how market is behaving each quarter based on the news and events around the world. By understanding that they can make decisions on if an investment is worthy and profitable or not.the process of collecting data about market and analyze prices and make conclusions are all tasks that be done by data scientists.

Q3: What is difference between Merging and Rebasing?
Answer: Merging means when we as a team create branches on our main repo and each team member makes changes. After finishing, we can combine all those changes together and update the project to the final version that has all the changes in one place. It’s safe and doesn't destroy any existing history. However, when we use Rebase, we lift our changes and place them on top of the latest updates. By doing this, it ensures that the changes happen linearly throughout the process and its not broken down in diffrenet branches, making the commit history much simpler for you and your team. Since rebase rewrites the history, it can cause major issues for other members working on the same branch. If you push a rebase to a public repo, you will cause a situation where Git gets confused for other members, fully messing up the history and version control of your project. Because of this, rebase is safer to use on local repos, and Merge be used on public or repos that have multiple developers so these types of issues won’t happen.

Q4:What are you looking forward to this semester?
Answer: learning fundamental and basics of Data science and being able to use my pre existing knowledge so  I can navigate my career and academia path in Data science field.
